README.md, before:

# sonicDestination
### The coolest game in the whole entire world. Bar None.

From within this directory, the "game" (such as it is) can be executed via:

    love .

To execute the Color Inspector application, use the command

    love . inspector

with an argument (REQUIRED) specifying the image you wish to inspect.
Only specify the image name (without an extension.)
Image is expected to be a png image located in the resources/images/spriteSheets directory.

EX: 

    love . inspector sonic1

inspects the `sonicDestination/resources/images/spriteSheets/sonic1.png` file.

To execute the Sprite Sheet Slicer application, use the command

    love . slicer

with an argument (REQUIRED) specifying the image you wish to slice.
Only specify the image name (without an extension.)
Image is expected to be a png image located in the resources/images/spriteSheets directory.

EX: 

    love . slicer sonic1

runs the Sprite Sheet Slicer application on the image file `sonicDestination/resources/images/spriteSheets/sonic1.png`.

To execute the Transparency Editor application, use the command

    love . transparency

with an argument (REQUIRED) specifying the image you wish to edit the transparencies of.
Only specify the image name (without an extension.)
Image is expected to be a png image located in the resources/images/spriteSheets directory.

EX: 

    love . transparency sonic1

runs the Transparency Editor application on the image file `sonicDestination/resources/images/spriteSheets/sonic1.png`.

To execute the State Machine Viewer application, use the command

    love . stateMachine

To execute the Sound Graph application, use the command

    love . soundGraph

with an argument (optional; defaults to "sonicCDJump.mp3") specifying the sound you wish to analyze.
Only specify the filename (WITH the extension.)
Sound is expected to be an mp3 or ogg sound file located in the game/resources/sounds directory.

EX: 

    love . soundGraph jump.ogg

runs the Sound Graph application on the sound file `sonicDestination/game/resources/sounds/jump.ogg`.

To execute the Test Suite application, use the command

    love . test

Commit message:

Update README.md to have chunkalyzer and mapViewer

README.md, after:

# sonicDestination
### The coolest game in the whole entire world. Bar None.

From within this directory, the "game" (such as it is) can be executed via:

    love .

To execute the Color Inspector application, use the command

    love . inspector

with an argument (REQUIRED) specifying the image you wish to inspect.
Only specify the image name (without an extension.)
Image is expected to be a png image located in the resources/images/spriteSheets directory.

EX: 

    love . inspector sonic1

inspects the `sonicDestination/resources/images/spriteSheets/sonic1.png` file.

To execute the Sprite Sheet Slicer application, use the command

    love . slicer

with an argument (REQUIRED) specifying the image you wish to slice.
Only specify the image name (without an extension.)
Image is expected to be a png image located in the resources/images/spriteSheets directory.

EX: 

    love . slicer sonic1

runs the Sprite Sheet Slicer application on the image file `sonicDestination/resources/images/spriteSheets/sonic1.png`.

To execute the Transparency Editor application, use the command

    love . transparency

with an argument (REQUIRED) specifying the image you wish to edit the transparencies of.
Only specify the image name (without an extension.)
Image is expected to be a png image located in the resources/images/spriteSheets directory.

EX: 

    love . transparency sonic1

runs the Transparency Editor application on the image file `sonicDestination/resources/images/spriteSheets/sonic1.png`.

To execute the State Machine Viewer application, use the command

    love . stateMachine

To execute the Sound Graph application, use the command

    love . soundGraph

with an argument (optional; defaults to "sonicCDJump.mp3") specifying the sound you wish to analyze.
Only specify the filename (WITH the extension.)
Sound is expected to be an mp3 or ogg sound file located in the game/resources/sounds directory.

EX: 

    love . soundGraph jump.ogg

runs the Sound Graph application on the sound file `sonicDestination/game/resources/sounds/jump.ogg`.

To execute the Chunkalyzer application, use the command

    love . chunkalyzer

with an argument (required!) specifying the map image you wish to chunkalyze.
Only specify the filename (WITHOUT the extension.)
Map image is expected to be located in the resources/zones/maps/ directory.

EX: 

    love . chunkalyzer GHZ_Act1_Map

runs the Chunkalyzer application on the map image file `sonicDestination/resources/zones/maps/GHZ_Act1_Map.png`.

To execute the MapViewer application, use the command

    love . mapViewer

with two arguments (required!) specifying the map layout file (.lua) and the chunk image, respectively.
Only specify the filenames (WITHOUT the extension.)
Map layout file is expected to be located in the resources/zones/maps/ directory.
Chunk image file is expected to be located in the resources/zones/chunks/ directory.

EX: 

    love . mapViewer ghz1Map ghz1Chunks

runs the Map Viewer application on the map layout file `sonicDestination/resources/zones/maps/ghz1Map.lua` and the chunk image file `sonicDestination/resources/zones/chunks/ghz1Chunks.png`.

To execute the Test Suite application, use the command

    love . test
